70 Cause he was going to fight aspirin at 70 and then they gave asker and Robbie
Lawler. Oh.
Well, both fights. I love, but you know that guy's just soul.
He was so much bigger than cowboy. He was so much bigger way bigger.
When you looked at him in there, I mean,
he looked like he was two weight classes, bigger, at least one weight class,
bigger. Look at ease, at least on the upper end of the next weight class.
Lawler makes.
Sense. What are you talking about. Yeah, that makes sense.
It may make sense. No, it doesn't.
It's gonna be hard to take down and he's vicious with this.
Perfect. So the night of the fight I dig it.
But the thing that makes Ben Astron special too, is his, you know, his mouth,
his mind came, so Robbie's not gonna play that game.
He doesn't have a dance partner. Oh, that's what.
Makes it great. Is that he can't, he can't uh.
What, what is it going to do? This is the fashion lover talking.
None of this is.
Hold up. No, th this, this is the Dana white, me talking.
This is the moneymaker your boys, the exact same way. Let me here.
Because if you give Ben Askren who can talk right up there with the best we got,
man, if you give him a guy, you know, you name anybody, you give anyone in the,
in the fight game and he goes back and forth. He's gonna be great.
You can Colby come into news a talker. Yeah.
The fans are gonna be able to gravitate towards that and see the story.
That's the first fight. That's the first, this is only one fight.
It's a big fight.
[inaudible] physically that talking to side.
You're right with the talking for sure. Xs and.
Those amazing fight night. Love the fight.
The physicality of the fight. Is that a word? Probably.
I'll tell you. It's.
Probably Jamie, you got a name, right?
Physicality. That's a word.
That seems right.
Come on, man. That's the hold on. This is not easy for Ben.
That's going to be a hard.
Fight.
Is easy for him. He just grabs everybody and man I'm set for the Russian guy.
I'm saying.
Full advantage of what Ben Askren brings to the table.
Robbie Lawler is not the matchup. I would give him off the bat.
I would have gave him a Darren till or Colby, Covington, something like that.
Who will verbally go back out to build up.
To that has been the game too long. I.
Understand what the night of the fight.
I don't think, I think you just want to see the fight.
I don't think we should ever make decisions based on like
talking and encouraging talking.
I think what's interesting about Ben Askren has been aspirin.
I want to see what the he can do to a real former world champion.
Who's fought at the highest level. That's a great, great match with.
[Inaudible].
Allows the legend. Whether he talks back, no one's going to give a. Look.
Ben asked him when he was at, we live in Joe Ben Askren. When he was at the UFC,
they put a camera on him and the crowd went nuts.
He hasn't even fought in the UFC yet.
Everybody knows about him from the internet.
A lot of people know about him from you and me.
And a lot of people know about him from Bella tore fans and one FC fans.
I think people didn't realize how popular he is and how people want to see
what an undefeated,
undefeated wrestler who dominated guys like Lima and chorus, coffin,
Bella tour, still hasn't laminated. I want don't.
You want to see what the that guy can do?
And if you don't want to see what that guy can do against the ruthless one,
Robbie Lawler, Robbie Lawler is not done, man. No, he's not done. He's
scary. He's always scary, man.
P he's had multiple like periods in his career.
He had the Strikeforce period. He had the UFC period.
He had the championship period. You know, he had his younger wild days.
Why he's fallen on some hard times now.
He's not the greatest Robbie. Lawler is not the greatest wrestler of all time.
He's dead Russell growing up and what the equalizer
or his hands dude with the rustling, you could say, he's, you know,
he's like right in there, you know, a decent wrestler, but it's hands.
Do you know?
That's been taken down and is anybody in the UFC? He might eat everybody,
but he might finding out.
He was going to be entertaining as.
I'll do it again. I think it's coming at me.
Like I don't think it's a great fight. I'd love the fight. I just went, ah, man,
I'll get him. Colby, come at 10. I would have gave him that's coming.
That's coming. This is after the first time world champ, but, or,
or Robbie Lawler gets cubby. Colby covered 10. If he wins.
That's a great way to, for Robbie to get back into the mix.
And plus you don't want to make it easy on Ben Askren because you know,
everyone's going to, uh, out of the UFC organization,
champ, let's see what he's made of Robbie lodged. A tough test.
Good take down defense.
But it gives Rob an opportunity to reset to if Robbie
can beat him, you know,
Robbie didn't have a good fight with Hotmail Dosantos but he did have a good
fight with cowboy, right? Those were the last two fights he had. I believe.
Am I right about that? He lost Osan Josephine cowboy. He lost the dos.
Anjos right. Last time.
As aspirin fought anybody at Lawler's level. No, no, right? No way.
Uh, Douglas, Lima, Lima, Lima.
Didn't Russell's growing.
Up. It was a younger Lima. So the same new Dolores Cubs, a monster,
but he's bought those guys. He dominated them. So they were young.
But Lala brings in wrestling and ferocious striking.
At the highest levels of competition and a great champion in the UFC.
I mean he fought warriors. He fought some of the best, the best. I mean,
he's one of the best, the best I'm interested in.
Safe times.
Kenny.
Can, can add. Is there something about Lawler that asks him can talk about.
What? Can you say? Nothing. No, everyone. There's a few guys.
You can't talk about it's fricking Robbie Lawler, Dan Henderson,
Matt Hughes.
Like you just can't you remember people starting there before Tyron Woodley,
beat him. People thought he was the boogeyman who? Robby Lauer,
like used to get his out of here.
I'll never forget Dana white at the comedy store and my 2002 or three.
And he was like, it needs we're we're at the parking lot.
Dana white went to see you. And he's like raving about this new kid.
Oh my God. I got this new kid. Robbie Lawler's ferocious. He's a wrestler.
Who's just knocking everybody out on the local level.
You're going to hear a lot about Robbie Lawler. I'll never forget that.
I was like 2001, 2002, something like that. Talking about.
Hall of fame. Legit hall of Famer. Yeah. So for sure,
it's the toughest opponent of Ben astrons career or? Yeah,
I would say it's the toughest, but for sure, it's nice to validate.
I have to be totally honest. I never, I never watched his fights in one FC.
I'd never figured out. Get it off.
The Russian wrestler. Yeah, he does.
One guy. What's the best way. I mean, if I just saw highlights,
I saw highlights two. I didn't watch one FC either.
Well, all I saw was Ben,
as soon as he puts his hands on people is at something's up,
but he has bionic hands or something because as soon as he's able to get his
hands on, he just doesn't let go. And I'm not going to say names you down.
I can say names, but he's shy. And Khabib he does that too.
Everybody guys we know that are good. Grab diamond free, bud. Yeah.
That's exactly what I hear.
Which is why you and I both w we went on like a campaign to get that.
I know.
I love having him on the podcast was great too,
because people could get to see who he actually is. You know, because you,
you want a guy like lock and these little talk in blurbs.
That's not really like this guy, an who is this guy,
but then you sit with them for an hour and he's fun.
Hey smartest really well educated.
Looks like a Greek statue, right? Doesn't.
He get extra? [inaudible] take a shot. Like no one, man.
He takes knees. When he shoots and gets clipped with knees.
Not good enough was the greatest.
Um, there's,
there's a couple others that used to used to campaign for the greatest fighters
that never fought in the UFC. Ben Askren has one. Who's the other one.
There's another one, a black guy, a black guy,
black guy has never fought in the UFC, not sad campaign for, for 10 years.
It was.
Oh yeah.
But I wasn't really fighting that much MMA outside of
pride rules. Right? Like he fought anywhere else.
You know what?
He's the kind of guy that's going to knock you into another dimension or he's
going to get choked out. But either way, it's you bring them in? Why does.
Right with Robbie Lawler? How come we never got Melvin into the,
because you want.
Is that what it was? Once you suggest the fire, they're never coming out.
[Inaudible].
No.
Ben, Dana hated Ben.
Ben who asks him. They hated it. They talk online.
Yeah. They went back and forth. He chose brilliant data. Blocked him on Twitter.
Yes. But Valley's in,
I got ahold of Dana and I said, he's a nice guy. I said, he's a fun guy.
He's talking. He ended up. They probably will.
Especially if Ben becomes him a shitload of money and she's going to this and
they're going to be happy. They made this top of his bed. He's not that old.
He's 35 thirties, early thirties, 34.
He's still been doing it for a hot minute, but he's still people up.
Zero damage. He didn't take a punch in his last two fights.